That's all folks.
We've finished c, didn't take long.
9AM c lecture, I'm unsurprised about attendence
fair, i'll count

Can switch off asserts with NDEBUG - how to pass all assignments.
poke
i mean the guy with the slides in front of me
I'd love to see someone try to get that to work in C
But C has no idea of infinite lists, lazy evaluation is mostly just working with infinite lists in Haskell
the guy in front of you has the same laptop as me
'S good laptop
you're grumpy today
Am I? SOrry I'm tired

9don't apologise, just indirectly asking what's up) how much sleep did you get?
ehehehehe, uhhh
5ish?
goddammit jonny
Implying you got more
i want to say i did but i'm not sure cause elliott was over so i didn't look at the time much
i did get 16 the day before
If you average 8 hours then that's basically the same right?
suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuure
i mean the day before averaged with the allnighter averages to 8 soooooooo
so, what video game were you playing? fractals
elbow
Do we have to type them out first now?
Poke
well, no, but i'm bored and hyper (aka high)
WHen aren't you?
quite often
don't confuse childish with hyper
poke
I had a thought last night
I go around like a goddamn zombie most of the time because I'm sleep deprived
But so does everyone else
So I actually know most of my friends as their tired as fuck selves
you know, some people actually have a decent sleep schedule, but i assume they're not your friends
Highly doubt it
Nerds
now i wanna see you not sleep deprived
So do I, don't remember it
jonnyyyyyyyyyyy fucks sake
poke
So when people talk about what animal ability they'd want they always say climbing walls or flying or some shit
Nah, birds can sleep with one eye open
THAT is useful
i'd rather fly
I guess you would get better sleep while flying
you'd fucking fall
Depends on the flight, AND if you can sleep with half your brain
also now that i reconsider it, i'd rather have the ability of that weird jellyfish that can live forever
I wonder if jellyfish have to sleep?
Bah, not worth then
but if you live forever it doesn't matter if you spent a third of that time sleeping bc it's forever
infinity/3 = infinity, yeah
Still inconvenient tho
look left, second row from the top
sleeping guy
he's in my tutor group
Not looking to kill myself
2:1 is fine
it is, but 1:2, mmmmmmm sweet
neither am i, that's the challenge
Wait, which is the one under first?
it goes: 1.1 1.2 2.1 2.2 3 4=fail
1.2 then
1.2 is a first>=70
2.1 is a second
Uni is weird
yup
Okay, I'm aiming for the grade I get
fair play
poke
yesterday i was informed tit means boob, i thought it was nipple
Three letters doesn't exist
Probably, who knows - english
And also because english tit is a kind of bird and an insult
i knew that
Star wars has a three letter in a row word
Kashyyyk
Name of a planet I think
SCrew continue, useless bloody thing
But he IS attending, learning by osmosis
You telling me my textbook pillow is wrong?! no of course not
guy who had the slides gave up
Guy to my left hasn't
Flash games, casual procrastinator
yeahhhhhhhhhhh i want my laptopppppppppppppppppp
Out of charge?
i don't carry it unless i have to bc hill
Fair, hill is hill.
do you actually save these notes? and you keep them? XD
Hey, I made a note on asserts somewhere at the top, useful information
fair, fair
I'll compile them one day into a dictionary of bantz
just imagining you accidenatlly become a lecturer and you have to encourage kids to take notes XD
Eh, that's my extreme backup plan, seems like a relatively cushy job
40% teaching, 60% research
"Research"
don't be an ass, i'm sure they do cool shit :P
Hey, 60% doing cool shit sounds good to me
Dealing with us lot must be... Interesting
"An interesting challange"
yes sherlock, humans suck, i know